No matter where I transferred at RR, I always would have been in Maryland and under Mark. Neither one of those things were things I could tolerate anymore. Also, layoffs were hitting at the company. It was scary, and I honestly didn't know how to feel.

Gotta get behind my ideas and belive in them for the copy and kickstarter. No one likes a half-baked concept, and I've baked the fuck out of this concept.





Good tech takes time and attention to detail to develop. I've put four months into this game so far, and to get to 1.0, I see it taking about a year total. This time will go to new mechanics, stages, enemies, levels, and everything on the stretch goals.



I want to make games with possibilities that are unknown, even to me. That's why I make rougelikes, that's why I put so much physics and particle sim in. I wanna prove that there are other things than AI that defy possibility and appear like magic in our modern world.

We're coming into a magical age. The horizons are broad, certainly broader than using chatGPT to cheat on homework. Kids need to be inspired to see the beauty and complexity of tech! Everything's so hidden nowdays, so let's show off the tech a bit. 

Dad once taught me a Clarke quote: "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." Basically, tech is magic. Magic that anyone can learn to use with a bit of practice.

I dug in a bit more and found that Clarke actually has three laws. The one we all know is the third. The first:

"When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong."

But the second is the one that really resonates for me. When I read it, I knew right away that more people had to hear it.

"The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible."




This is something I've experienced in grad school and again working with robots in industry. A PI or senior engineer probably has a really solid, good, informed idea of what is possible and not possible. You'll never beat them at that. Your job is to try to venture just a liiiittle bit out into the impossible and bring something back to show them.

As a young engineer, I thought I knew it all. I had another thing coming. I remember a talk my boss gave to me once after I questioned the code of a senior engineer probably a bit too harshly. He said that I probably had a lot to learn from this senior enginer. Looking back, he was absolutely right. I had no idea what was really possible or not, and I was completely underestimating the problem at hand.

After I'd worked at the company for a while and really been through the code, I gained a lot of respect for that senior engineer. He was brilliant, and came up with things I could never have imagined. Only when I opened my mind up to learn from him was I able to see what was really possible and what wasn't. Once I started to really understand that, I became a much better engineer and found myself able to make much better work.






I did quite well at that company. I wasn't the best engineer in the room coming in, but I was pretty hardworking, I learned fast, and I tried to keep a good attitude. I managed to dodge thge layoffs that came towards the end of my time there despite being very junior, so that's proof of something.







Spellslime was born out of my desire to find a way to spread this idea and my love for all indie games. I grew up watching the indie game Lets Play greats like Northernlion, Nerdcubed, and TotalBiscuit. I want to make a game that I would enjoy watching them play. A game so full of possibility that you can't get bored of it even if you play it for over a decade straight and make thousands of videos (wink wink Northern). Those videos were my childhood.




My design came from a desire to create authentically cool tech that's exciting to play with and unpredictable. I loved watching the cool emergent behavior that I saw working with robots. I want to show that off, but more deeply than that, I want to make something that I can see interpreted through someone's else's eyes. 

I wanna see my game in a new light every time someone touches it. To me, that's a very deep human connection. When somebody picks up my game, how they play it communicates so much right away. I learn about them and about myself through their play. I hope that the player is left with something lasting too.



"Video games as art"
- this is one of my core concepts. I see this as art. other people often do too. Maxxfield parrish.

I can put art into my games and introduce it to kids and the world that way. Maybe I should go for a solid "starry night" lol. Put art in the sky?
That could be a cool stretch goal.




"The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible."


I think that's an important message. For the world, for kids in school, for people struggling with their own issues in life. The life you dream of might be closer than you think, if you take a couple steps in the right direction. What we think of as possible is just a high score, like an Olympic world record. Once you come and do better, the possible shifts a little more out into the impossible. The power (powder) is in your hands.







I started out as a kid making Scratch games in my Dad's living room. I went to school for computer science, did pretty well, and managed to land a job in robotics. After a year and a half, I quit to search for work that felt more meaningful to me. I'm now striving to become an indie game dev! 

Thank you for all your support and encouragement, it means the world to me. 









"Hazards of Prophecy: The Failure of Imagination", first published in Profiles of the Future (1962);

Read it.
